analysis output. see `../docs/PBM_analysis_details.doc` for explanation of the output files. they are all generated by the `seed_and_wobble.pl` analysis script.

an excerpt from the analysis detail file above explains the rationale of developing the E-score:

>  The k-mer scoring methods and Seed-and-Wobble algorithm are described in detail in the Supplementary Methods of Berger et al., Nature Biotechnology (2006) and will not be duplicated here.  In short, the median intensity scores and Z-scores are useful because they retain information regarding relative differences in signal intensity, and thus probe occupancy and relative affinity as well.  However, we have found the separate rank-based, non-parametric enrichment scores (E-scores) to be preferable because they are invariant to differences in protein concentration, they facilitate the comparison of all TFs on the same scale, and they enable the data from replicate experiments on separate microarray designs to be combined.  E-scores range from -0.5 (lowest enrichment) to +0.5 (highest enrichment).  Our method for PWM construction uses these E-scores and takes advantage of the fact that all sequence variants occur an equal number of times on the microarray, and it considers all features without applying any arbitrary cutoffs.

Also from Gordan 2011 (PMID: 22189060):

> The E-score is a modified form of the Wilcoxon-Mann Whitney statistic and ranges from -0.5 (least favored sequence) to +0.5 (most favored sequence), with values above 0.35 corresponding, in general, to sequence-specific DNA binding of the tested TF [8].
